docs: update AppKit terminology to Reown across documentation (#738)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/features/onramp.mdx

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="React" icon="react" href="/appkit/react/transactions/onramp">
    Get started with Reown in React.
  </Card>

<Card title="Next.js" icon="square-n" href="/appkit/next/transactions/onramp">
  Get started with Reown in Next.js.
</Card>

<Card title="Vue" icon="vuejs" href="/appkit/vue/transactions/onramp">
  Get started with Reown in Vue.
</Card>

  <Card title="JavaScript" icon="js" href="/appkit/javascript/transactions/onramp">
    Get started with Reown in JavaScript.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Process Overview

> On-Ramp makes it easy for users to purchase crypto without the hassle of switching between multiple platforms and signing multiple messages - a simple, seamless, in-app experience for anyone looking to securely transact within web3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-Ramp makes it easy for users to purchase crypto with fiat currencies; without the hassle of switching between multiple platforms and signing multiple messages.
```
